# Portfolio
Work Portfolio containing programs I have created. Included are a Notification Manager and a launcher that complies games into one place. Both porjects are still work in progress.

# Notification Manager
The notification manager is a program that I created to help me keep track of things that I need to do and to remind me about them. It consists of two main parts, a notification list, and a to-do list. The program allows you to create a new notification that will be added to the list and contains things like a name, a message, a time and a date, what days it should be recurring on, and if it should remind you hourly. Once it reaches the time and date specified it opens a dialog at the bottom right of the screen with the information included in the notification. The to-do list portion is a list of tasks that you create with a name, description, date, and status of completion associated with it. Both parts have a right click menu where you can edit or remove items and the to-do list menu also allows you mark an item complete. Both parts also have multiple filters to sort through the items.

# Game Launcher
The game launcher is program for loading all the games on a computer into one place. It allows you to scan your computer for different games and display all of them in one place. It does this by looking through the register to find games or by looking through launcher files for manifest files that contain game information. It then allows you to launch them through the application. It also allows you to get more information about the games like the size and file location as well as what launcher it is from. You can sort games by launcher and by drive as well. Currently only steam, GOG, and the epic games launcher have been implemented.
